Based on your
resume, your experience seems to match the skills and talent we seek.
Allow us to give you a little background about our company.

ThoughtWorks is a global software consulting and systems integration firm,
focused on full life-cycle development of web based applications using
advanced tools, such as:

·     Java / J2EE
·     C# / .NET
·     Agile Methodologies
·     EAI technologies like Tibco & CrossWorlds
·     Web Services

The company's leadership in the practical application of agile methods on
enterprise class projects allows its people to deliver higher quality
solutions more quickly and cost effectively, while giving client business
leaders greater program and project control.

With about 600 people and growing, ThoughtWorks is establishing itself as a
world leader in delivering the most complex enterprise applications. Our
clients represent the top tier of global industry, which are predominantly
Global 1000 firms. Due to the nature of our consulting, all candidates must
be open to the possibility of 70% travel.  This typically means working at
a client site with the rest of your project team Monday through Friday.

We pride ourselves on hiring the best candidates possible.  Therefore, we
have a very thorough hiring process.  In addition to the code review you
are about to begin, we also administer logic and general aptitude
assessments when you visit our office.  As a general rule, we have found
that those who perform well on the reviews and assessments are better
suited for the significant learning required by this position.

Enclosed are two programming problems.  We ask that you read both
descriptions thoroughly then create a program to solve **ONE** of the
problems.  If you choose to do both problems, we will choose and evaluate
only one of your solutions.

For the solution, we would want you use either Java or C#.  You may not use
any enhanced functionality of the language or any external libraries to
solve this problem; however, you may use external libraries or tools for
building or testing purposes.  Specifically, you may use JUnit and/or Ant
to assist your development.  We are interested in the design aspect of the
solution and would like to evaluate your object oriented programming
skills. For security reasons, please do NOT submit your C# code as a .msi
file.

You may also include a brief explanation of your design and assumptions
along with your code.

Please email your completed solution to CODE@THOUGHTWORKS.COM within three
days.  To expedite proper routing of your code, please type the COUNTRY of
the ThoughtWorks office you are applying to (AUSTRALIA, UK, INDIA, USA or
CANADA) in the Subject Line of your email.

As a general rule, we allow three days from the date that you receive this
letter to submit your code to CODE@THOUGHTWORKS.COM, but you may request
more time if needed.  Because we may use your code as an interview tool,
ThoughtWorks reserves the right to postpone your technical interview if
your code is not received.  If you have any questions about the code as it
relates to your interview process, please contact us at
CODE@THOUGHTWORKS.COM.

ThoughtWorks would like the opportunity to offer you a challenging career
with our dynamic team.  We wish you luck and look forward to receiving your
response.

Regards,


ThoughtWorks Recruiting
CODE@THOUGHTWORKS.COM

 ==========

INTRODUCTION TO THE PROBLEMS

All problems below require some kind of input. You are free to implement
any mechanism for feeding input into your solution (for example, using hard
coded data within a unit test).  You should provide sufficient evidence
that your solution is complete by, as a minimum, indicating that it works
correctly against the supplied test data.



PROBLEM ONE: MARS ROVERS


A squad of robotic rovers are to be landed by NASA on a plateau on Mars.
This plateau, which is curiously rectangular, must be navigated by the
rovers so that their on-board cameras can get a complete view of the
surrounding terrain to send back to Earth.

A rover's position and location is represented by a combination of x and y
co-ordinates and a letter representing one of the four cardinal compass
points. The plateau is divided up into a grid to simplify navigation. An
example position might be 0, 0, N, which means the rover is in the bottom
left corner and facing North.

In order to control a rover, NASA sends a simple string of letters. The
possible letters are 'L', 'R' and 'M'. 'L' and 'R' makes the rover spin 90
degrees left or right respectively, without moving from its current spot.
'M' means move forward one grid point, and maintain the same heading.

Assume that the square directly North from (x, y) is (x, y+1).

INPUT:
The first line of input is the upper-right coordinates of the plateau, the
lower-left coordinates are assumed to be 0,0.

The rest of the input is information pertaining to the rovers that have
been deployed. Each rover has two lines of input. The first line gives the
rover's position, and the second line is a series of instructions telling
the rover how to explore the plateau.

The position is made up of two integers and a letter separated by spaces,
corresponding to the x and y co-ordinates and the rover's orientation.

Each rover will be finished sequentially, which means that the second rover
won't start to move until the first one has finished moving.


OUTPUT
The output for each rover should be its final co-ordinates and heading.

INPUT AND OUTPUT

Test Input:
5 5
1 2 N
LMLMLMLMM
3 3 E
MMRMMRMRRM

Expected Output:
1 3 N
5 1 E
==========

PROBLEM TWO: SALES TAXES

Basic sales tax is applicable at a rate of 10% on all goods, except books,
food, and medical products that are exempt. Import duty is an additional
sales tax applicable on all imported goods at a rate of 5%, with no
exemptions.

When I purchase items I receive a receipt which lists the name of all the
items and their price (including tax), finishing with the total cost of the
items, and the total amounts of sales taxes paid.  The rounding rules for
sales tax are that for a tax rate of n%, a shelf price of p contains
(np/100 rounded up to the nearest 0.05) amount of sales tax.

Write an application that prints out the receipt details for these shopping
baskets...
INPUT:

Input 1:
1 book at 12.49
1 music CD at 14.99
1 chocolate bar at 0.85

Input 2:
1 imported box of chocolates at 10.00
1 imported bottle of perfume at 47.50

Input 3:
1 imported bottle of perfume at 27.99
1 bottle of perfume at 18.99
1 packet of headache pills at 9.75
1 box of imported chocolates at 11.25

OUTPUT

Output 1:
1 book : 12.49
1 music CD: 16.49
1 chocolate bar: 0.85
Sales Taxes: 1.50
Total: 29.83

Output 2:
1 imported box of chocolates: 10.50
1 imported bottle of perfume: 54.65
Sales Taxes: 7.65
Total: 65.15

Output 3:
1 imported bottle of perfume: 32.19
1 bottle of perfume: 20.89
1 packet of headache pills: 9.75
1 imported box of chocolates: 11.85
Sales Taxes: 6.70
Total: 74.68
==========

